[MRG] Contribution documentation reworking (#2755)
nilearn/nilearn: CONTRIBUTING.rst

.. _contributing:

How to help?
=============

> * If you have a usage question : create a question on `neurostars <https://neurostars.org/>`_ with tag nilearn

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you have a usage question : create a question on `neurostars <https://neurostars.org/tag/nilearn>`_ with tag nilearn
```

> * If you have a usage question : create a question on `neurostars <https://neurostars.org/tag/nilearn>`_ with tag nilearn

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If you have a usage question : create a topic on `neurostars <https://neurostars.org/tag/nilearn>`_ with the nilearn tag
```

> * You think you discovered a bug ? Create `an issue <https://github.com/nilearn/nilearn/issues>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You think you discovered a bug ? Create `an issue <https://github.com/nilearn/nilearn/issues/new/choose>`_
```

  including a minimal runnable example to showcase it (using Nilearn data) as well as your OS and Nilearn version.

> * If you have ideas for new features, check it's in the scope of the project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you have ideas for new features, check if it is in the scope of the project
```

> * If you have ideas for new features, check if it is in the scope of the project
>   and feel free to open an issue to discuss it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If you have an idea for a new feature, check if it is in the scope of the project
  and feel free to open an issue to discuss it.
```

* Want to contribute code ? Thank you very much!

  * For new features, please be sure to create an issue first, to discuss
    whether it can be included and its specifications.

>   * To help dealing with known issues, please check

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * To help with known issues, please check
```

    `good first issues <https://github.com/nilearn/nilearn/labels/Good%20first%20issue>`_
    to get started, `known bugs <https://github.com/nilearn/nilearn/labels/Bug>`_
    or `proposed enhancements <https://github.com/nilearn/nilearn/labels/Enhancement>`_.
  * In any case, before sending code, be sure to **follow the** `Contribution Guidelines`_.

>   * Section `Setting up your environment`_ will get you ready for contributing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * The section `Setting up your environment`_ will get you ready to contribute.
```

* If you think documentation can be improved, you can directly send proposed
  improvements in `a pull request <https://github.com/nilearn/nilearn/pulls>`_.

> How do we decide what codes goes in?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
How do we decide what code goes in?
```

|  `Documentation`_  |    Any      | - Links to relevant examples                       |
|                    |             | - Renders well after build                         |
|                    |             | - Doesn't include code                             |
+--------------------+-------------+----------------------------------------------------+

PR Structure
-------------

A new pull request must have a clear scope, conveyed through its name, a
reference to the issue it targets (through the exact mention "Closes #XXXX")
as well as a synthetic summary of its goals and main steps.
When working on big contributions, we advise contributors to split them in
several PRs when possible.
This has the benefit to make code changes clearer, easier to make and to review
and overall smoothen the whole process.
No changes unrelated to the PR should be included.

When relevant, PR names should also include tags if they fall in various
categories.
If the authors feels he still has work to do before a first round of review, he
can include the [WIP] tag or conversely, the [MRG] tag to highlight this PR is

> ready for review.

Reviewer: We can also encourage users to open their PRs in draft mode and switch to normal mode when they are ready for review. WDYT?

Reviewer 3: That's a good way to put it.

Author: I implemented this for now, but from the discussion above, it seemed most people preferred [WIP] and [MRG] tag to that and proposing to use both (as I do for know) seem unclear. WDYT ?

Reviewer: I get your point. I don't have a strong opinion on this since both ways are clear enough (to me at least...). I was using [WIP]/[MRG] before but transitioned to Draft/Regular PRs when the feature became available on GitHub. Maybe we can leave the choice to users and we will see which one they prefer in the end? WDYT?

> Other tags can describe the PR content : [FIX] for a bugfix, [DOC] for a

Reviewer: Maybe a bullet list would be more clear ?

Author: I think it would highlight this point too much while this isn't central at all.

Reviewer: Ok, fair enough. Let's leave it like this then.

change in documentation or examples, [ENH] for a new feature and [MAINT] for
maintenance changes.

Coding Style
-------------

The main conventions we follow are : line length < 80, spaces around operators,

> variable names, function names are underscore separated (a_nice_function),

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
variable names, function names are underscore separated (e.g., ``a_nice_function``) and as short as possible,
public functions exposed in their parent module's init file, private function names preceded with a "_",
```

These are from @NicolasGensollen's https://github.com/nilearn/nilearn/pull/2755/files#r703577151.

@NicolasGensollen I wanted to include "Functions should avoid side effects (or it should be stated clearly in the docstring)" here, but I'm not sure what you mean.

Reviewer: @tsalo I was basically saying to favor pure functions as much as possible. 
For example, avoid functions modifying their inputs.

Reviewer 2: Ohhh gotcha. Agreed, that's definitely worth mentioning.

classes in CamelCase, 2 empty lines between functions or classes.

> Each function and class must come with “docstrings” at the top of the function

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each function and class must come with a “docstring” at the top of the function
```

code, using `numpydoc formatting <https://numpydoc.readthedocs.io/en/latest/format.html>`_.
They must summarize what the function does and document every parameter.

Tests
------
When fixing a bug, the first step is to write a minimal test that fails because
of it, and then write the bugfix to make this test pass.
For new code you should have roughly one test_function per function covering
every line and testing the logic of the function.
They should run on small mocked data, cover a representative range of parameters.

Tests must be seeded to avoid random failures.
For objects using random seeds (e.g. scikit-learn estimators), pass either
a  `np.random.RandomState` or an `int` as the seed.
When your test use random numbers,  those must be generated through::

>       rng = np.random.RandomState(0)

Reviewer: Could we put this within a code block?

```
.. code-block:: python

    rng = ...

```

`sphinx-gallery <https://sphinx-gallery.github.io/stable/index.html>`_ for the
example tutorials. If you want to work on those, check out next section to
learn how to use those tools to build documentation.

.. _git_repo:

Setting up your environment
============================

Installing
----------

Here are the key steps you need to go through to copy the repo before contributing:

1. fork the repo from github (fork button in the top right corner of our `main github page <https://github.com/nilearn/nilearn>`_) and clone your fork locally::

      git clone git@github.com:<your_username>/nilearn.git

2. (optional but highly recommended) setup a conda environment to work on and activate it::

      conda create -n nilearn
      conda activate nilearn

3. install the forked version of `nilearn`::

      pip install . -e

4. install development dependencies::

      pip install -r requirements-dev.txt

5. check that all tests pass with (this can take a while)::

      pytest nilearn

Contributing
------------

Here are the key steps you need to go through to contribute code to `nilearn`:

1. open or join an already existing issue explaining what you want to work on

> 2. on your fork, create a new branch from master::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. on your fork, create a new branch from main::
```

      git checkout -b your_branch

3. implement and commit your changes on this branch (don't forget to write tests!)

4. run the tests locally (to go faster, only run tests which are relevant to what
   you work on with, for example)::

      pytest -v nilearn/plotting/tests/test_surf_plotting.py

5. push your changes to your online fork::

      git push

6. in github, open a pull request from your online fork to the main repo

>    (most likely from `your_fork:your_branch` to `nilearn:master`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   (most likely from `your_fork:your_branch` to `nilearn:main`).
```

7. check that all continuous integration tests pass

> For more details about the Fork Clone Push worksflow, read `here <https://guides.github.com/activities/forking/>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details about the Fork Clone Push workflows, read `here <https://guides.github.com/activities/forking/>`_.
```

Building documentation
----------------------

If you wish to build documentation:

1. First, ensure that you have installed sphinx and sphinx-gallery. When in your
   fork top folder, you can install the required packages using::

      pip install -r requirements-build-docs.txt

2. Then go to ``nilearn/examples`` or ``nilearn/doc`` and make needed changes
   using `reStructuredText files <https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/2.0/usage/restructuredtext/basics.html>`_

3. You can now go to `nilearn/doc` and build the examples locally::

      make html-strict

   or, if you do not have make install (for instance under Windows)::

      python3 -m sphinx -b html -d _build/doctrees . _build/html

   if you don't need the plots, a quicker option is::

      make html-noplot

4. Visually review the output in ``nilearn/doc/_build/html/auto_examples/``.
   If all looks well and there were no errors, commit and push the changes.

5. You can now open a Pull Request from Nilearn's Pull Request page.

6. Request the CI builds the full documentation from your branch::

      git commit --allow-empty -m "[circle full] request full build"

> TIPS : When generating documentation locally, you can build only specific files

Reviewer: Using the Sphinx tip directive should look nicer I think:

```
.. tip::
    When generating documentation locally, you can build only specific files
    ....
```

to reduce building time. To do so, use the ``filename_pattern``::

      python3 -m sphinx -D sphinx_gallery_conf.filename_pattern=plot_decoding_tutorial.py -b html -d _build/doctrees . _build/html

Additional cases
=================

How to contribute an atlas
---------------------------

We want atlases in nilearn to be internally consistent. Specifically,
your atlas object should have three attributes (as with the existing
atlases):

- ``description`` (bytes): A text description of the atlas. This should be
  brief but thorough, describing the source (paper), relevant information
  related to its construction (modality, dataset, method), and, if there is
  more than one map, a description of each map.
- ``labels`` (list): a list of string labels corresponding to each atlas
  label, in the same (numerical) order as the atlas labels
- ``maps`` (list or string): the path to the nifti image, or a list of paths

In addition, the atlas will need to be called by a fetcher. For example, see `here <https://github.com/nilearn/nilearn/blob/master/nilearn/datasets/atlas.py>`__.

Finally, as with other features, please provide a test for your atlas.
Examples can be found `here

> <https://github.com/nilearn/nilearn/blob/master/nilearn/datasets/tests/test_atlas.py>`__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<https://github.com/nilearn/nilearn/blob/main/nilearn/datasets/tests/test_atlas.py>`__
```

How to contribute a dataset fetcher
------------------------------------

The ``nilearn.datasets`` package provides functions to download some

> neuroimaging datasets, such as ``fetch_haxby`` or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
neuroimaging datasets, such as :func:`nilearn.datasets.fetch_haxby` or
```

> ``fetch_atlas_harvard_oxford``. The goal is not to provide a comprehensive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:func:`nilearn.datasets.fetch_atlas_harvard_oxford`. The goal is not to provide a comprehensive
```

collection of downloaders for the most widely used datasets, and this would be

> outside the scope of this project. Rather, this package downloads data that is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
outside the scope of this project. Rather, this module provides data downloading utilities that are
```

required to showcase nilearn features in the example gallery.

Downloading data takes time and large datasets slow down the build of the
example gallery. Moreover, downloads can fail for reasons we do not control,
such as a web service that is temporarily unavailable. This is frustrating for
users and a major issue for continuous integration (new code cannot be merged
unless the examples run successfully on the CI infrastructure). Finally,
datasets or the APIs that provide them sometimes change, in which case the
downloader needs to be adapted.

As for any contributed feature, before starting working on a new downloader,
we recommend opening an issue to discuss whether it is necessary or if existing
downloaders could be used instead.

To add a new fetcher, ``nilearn.datasets.utils`` provides some helper functions,

> such as ``get_dataset_dir`` to find a directory where the dataset is or will be

Reviewer: Using a sphinx ref to these functions would be nice

Reviewer: Actually they seem to be all private functions

> such as ``get_dataset_dir`` to find a directory where the dataset is or will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
such as ``_get_dataset_dir`` to find a directory where the dataset is or will be
```

   fork top folder, you can install the required packages using::

      pip install -r requirements-build-docs.txt

2. Then go to ``nilearn/examples`` or ``nilearn/doc`` and make needed changes
   using `reStructuredText files <https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/2.0/usage/restructuredtext/basics.html>`_

3. You can now go to `nilearn/doc` and build the examples locally::

      make html-strict

   or, if you do not have make install (for instance under Windows)::

      python3 -m sphinx -b html -d _build/doctrees . _build/html

   if you don't need the plots, a quicker option is::

      make html-noplot

4. Visually review the output in ``nilearn/doc/_build/html/auto_examples/``.
   If all looks well and there were no errors, commit and push the changes.

5. You can now open a Pull Request from Nilearn's Pull Request page.

6. Request the CI builds the full documentation from your branch::

      git commit --allow-empty -m "[circle full] request full build"

.. tip::
    When generating documentation locally, you can build only specific files
    to reduce building time. To do so, use the ``filename_pattern``::

>        python3 -m sphinx -D sphinx_gallery_conf.filename_pattern=plot_decoding_tutorial.py -b html -d _build/doctrees . _build/html

Reviewer: This line is too long and renders bad in the artifact.

```suggestion
       python3 -m sphinx -D sphinx_gallery_conf.filename_pattern=\\
       plot_decoding_tutorial.py -b html -d _build/doctrees . _build/html
```

Additional cases
=================

How to contribute an atlas
---------------------------

We want atlases in nilearn to be internally consistent. Specifically,
your atlas object should have three attributes (as with the existing
atlases):

- ``description`` (bytes): A text description of the atlas. This should be
  brief but thorough, describing the source (paper), relevant information
  related to its construction (modality, dataset, method), and, if there is
  more than one map, a description of each map.
- ``labels`` (list): a list of string labels corresponding to each atlas
  label, in the same (numerical) order as the atlas labels
- ``maps`` (list or string): the path to the nifti image, or a list of paths

In addition, the atlas will need to be called by a fetcher. For example, see `here <https://github.com/nilearn/nilearn/blob/main/nilearn/datasets/atlas.py>`__.

Finally, as with other features, please provide a test for your atlas.
Examples can be found `here
<https://github.com/nilearn/nilearn/blob/main/nilearn/datasets/tests/test_atlas.py>`__

How to contribute a dataset fetcher
------------------------------------

> The ``nilearn.datasets`` package provides functions to download some

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :mod:`nilearn.datasets` module provides functions to download some
```

.. _contributing:

How to help?
=============

* If you have a usage question : create a question on `neurostars <https://neurostars.org/>`_ with tag nilearn

* You think you discovered a bug ? Create `an issue <https://github.com/nilearn/nilearn/issues>`_

>   including a minimal runnable example to showcase it (preferably using Nilearn data).

Reviewer: Maybe we could add that the issue should specify the OS and the version of Nilearn used as this is minimum information to investigate a potential bug.

* If you have ideas for new features, check it's in the scope of the project
  and feel free to open an issue to discuss it.

* You think documentation can be improved, you can directly send proposed
  improvements in `a pull request <https://github.com/nilearn/nilearn/pulls>`_.

* Want to contribute code ? Thank you very much! For new features, please be
  sure to create an issue first, to discuss whether it can be included and its
  specifications. If you have time to help dealing with known issues check
  `Good first issues <https://github.com/nilearn/nilearn/labels/Good%20first%20issue>`_
  to get started, `known bugs <https://github.com/nilearn/nilearn/labels/Bug>`_
  or `proposed enhancements <https://github.com/nilearn/nilearn/labels/Enhancement>`_.
  In any case, before sending code, be sure to ** read and follow the

>   contribution guide below **. Otherwise we might ask quite a lot of revisions

Author: Wrong rendering

Reviewer 4: try without spaces inside the `**`: `**abc**` instead of `** abc **`

please answer a relevant `issue <https://github.com/nilearn/nilearn/issues>`_
or open a new one.

The best way to contribute and to help the project is to start working on known
issues such as `Good first issues <https://github.com/nilearn/nilearn/labels/Good%20first%20issue>`_ ,
`known bugs <https://github.com/nilearn/nilearn/labels/Bug>`_ or
`proposed enhancements <https://github.com/nilearn/nilearn/labels/Enhancement>`_.

If an issue does not already exist for a potential contribution, we ask that
you first open an `issue <https://github.com/nilearn/nilearn/issues>`_ before
sending a :ref:`pull request` to discuss in advance scope and potential design
choices.

Contribution Guidelines
---------------------------

We ask every contributor to respect common guidelines. Those are inspired from
`scikit-learn
<https://scikit-learn.org/stable/developers/contributing.html#contributing-code>`_
and ensure Nilearn remains simple to understand, efficient and maintainable.
For example tests need to run quickly in order not to burden the development process.
To keep continuous integration efficient with our limited infrastructure, running

> all the examples must lead to downloading a limited amount of data (gigabytes)

Author: I just copied what was there but I guess we're more in the realm of Gb. I'd have to check

> all the examples must lead to downloading a limited amount of data (gigabytes)

Reviewer 4: yes as this is for "running **all** the examples" . note this is just info to help readers understand why downloading a lot of data is a problem, but the total size of downloaded data doesn't really matter to them in practice.

the total number of extra downloaded bytes after adding a new example or modifying one should be 0, ie, we should strive to use data that is already being downloaded in some example

and execute in a reasonable amount of time (a few hours).

Those guidelines will hence be checked during reviewing process.

+--------------+-------------+---------------------------------------+
|              | Which PR ?  |        Guidelines                     |
+==============+=============+=======================================+
|              |             | - Clearly showcase benefits           |

> |  Examples    | New features| - Run in a few minutes                |

Reviewer 4: "a few minutes" seems too long -- there are like 91 examples ATM.

|              |             | - Use light data from Nilearn         |
|              |             | - Renders well after build            |
+--------------+-------------+---------------------------------------+
|              |             | - Test type is adapted to behavior    |
|              |             | - Tests pass continuous integration   |
|              |  Bugfixes   | - Doesn't decrease coverage           |
|    Tests     | New features| - Fast, using small mocked data       |

> |              |             | - Atomic (one per function) and seeded|

Reviewer 4: maybe "and random number generators should be seeded" ? adding more keywords will make it easier to look up for someone who doesn't know what this means

Author: I'm going to include that below I think with the precise command. I remember you standardized them recently, what command should be used ?

Reviewer 4: do you mean #2741?
basically,

if you need to explicitly generate random numbers, use a seeded generator:
good:
```
rng = np.random.RandomState(0)
my_number = rng.normal()
```

bad:
```
my_number = np.random.normal()
```
also bad:
```
np.random.seed(0)
my_number = np.random.normal()
```

note that in recent(ish) numpy versions the correct way is
```
rng = np.random.default_rng(0)
my_number = rng.normal()
```

but we still support old numpy versions that don't have `default_rng`.

and if you use some object that asks for some random seed, eg a scikit-learn estimator, pass either a `np.random.RandomState` or an int as the seed, not the default `None`

good

```
kmeans = sklearn.cluster.KMeans(random_state=0)
```
or
```
rng = np.random.RandomState(0)
kmeans = sklearn.cluster.KMeans(random_state=rng)
```

bad

```
kmeans = sklearn.cluster.KMeans()
```

and of course the seeded generator will produce the same sequence every time (that's the whole point), so if you need to apply a function to a few different random sequences, either pass a different seed or reuse the same generator.

```
x1 = make_some_fake_data(random_state=0)
x2 = make_some_fake_data(random_state=0) # x1 == x2
```
so
```
rng = np.random.RandomState(0)
x1 = make_some_fake_data(random_state=rng)
x2 = make_some_fake_data(random_state=rng)
```

or 
```
x1 = make_some_fake_data(random_state=0)
x2 = make_some_fake_data(random_state=1)
```

Author: Thank you very much for the recap. I'll add those good practices (as of today) in the doc as I try to put all those conventions in one place !

effort, and everyone is welcome to contribute. We value very much your feedback
and opinion on features that should be improved or added. All discussions
are public and hold on relevant issues or pull requests. To discuss your matter,
please answer a relevant `issue <https://github.com/nilearn/nilearn/issues>`_
or open a new one.

The best way to contribute and to help the project is to start working on known
issues such as `Good first issues <https://github.com/nilearn/nilearn/labels/Good%20first%20issue>`_ ,
`known bugs <https://github.com/nilearn/nilearn/labels/Bug>`_ or
`proposed enhancements <https://github.com/nilearn/nilearn/labels/Enhancement>`_.

If an issue does not already exist for a potential contribution, we ask that
you first open an `issue <https://github.com/nilearn/nilearn/issues>`_ before
sending a :ref:`pull request` to discuss in advance scope and potential design
choices.

Contribution Guidelines
---------------------------

We ask every contributor to respect common guidelines. Those are inspired from
`scikit-learn
<https://scikit-learn.org/stable/developers/contributing.html#contributing-code>`_

> and ensure Nilearn remains simple to understand, efficient and maintanable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and ensure Nilearn remains simple to understand, efficient and maintainable.
```

For example tests need to run quickly in order not to burden the development process.
To keep continuous integration efficient with our limited infrastructure, running
all the examples must lead to downloading a limited amount of data (gigabytes)
and execute in a reasonable amount of time (a few hours).

Those guidelines will hence be checked during reviewing process.

+--------------+-------------+---------------------------------------+
|              | Which PR ?  |        Guidelines                     |
+==============+=============+=======================================+
|              |             | - Clearly showcase benefits           |
|  Examples    | New features| - Run in a few minutes                |
|              |             | - Use light data from Nilearn         |
|              |             | - Renders well after build            |
+--------------+-------------+---------------------------------------+
|              |             | - Test type is adapted to behavior    |
|              |             | - Tests pass continuous integration   |

> |              |  Bugfixes   | - Doesn't decrease coverage           |

Reviewer 2: Bugfixes seems to be rendered oddly.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8228902/114210021-4a0ee400-992d-11eb-957c-9e0fb8e3ee2b.png)

|    Tests     | New features| - Fast, using small mocked data       |
|              |             | - Atomic (one per function) and seeded|
|              |             | - For Bugfixes: non-regression test   |
+--------------+-------------+---------------------------------------+
|              |             | - Variables, functions, arguments     |

> |              |             | have clear and consistent names       |

Reviewer 2: This list renders oddly:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8228902/114210154-6dd22a00-992d-11eb-93fa-c6829c9c391d.png)

Author: Thank you very much for your quick feedback. Also this table is really not so beautiful with our current template. Not sure it's what we want to use. Any opinion ?

Reviewer 2: A paragraph format might be easier to build, although it won't be as concise as a table... I don't have a strong opinion either way, unless it's not possible to make the table look good.

Reviewer 4: do you think using something else than rst would help get the table right?

Author: I think it's mostly a style issue..

|              |             | - Easy to read, PEP8                  |
| Coding Style |    Any      | - Clear docstring of public functions |
|              |             | - Low redundancy                      |
|              |             | - No new dependency                   |

> |              |             | - Backward compatibility              |

Reviewer 2: Would it be reasonable to have a section on coding style? If not, then I'd probably just clarify that the docstring should be in `numpydoc` format.

Author: I think it would yes.

Reviewer 4: even if a section on coding style is added I would +1 @tsalo 's suggestion of mentioning numpydoc here

Reviewer 4: not sure where it should go but maybe we could say somewhere that the pr should implement only one thing (what has been discussed in the issue) and not make changes that are not necessary for that single goal -- avoid "unrelated changes"

Author: do you have a clear ref for numpydoc ? I'm not sure to where I should point

Reviewer 4: https://numpydoc.readthedocs.io/en/latest/format.html

+--------------+-------------+---------------------------------------+
|              |             | - Simple and didactic                 |
| Documentation|    Any      | - Links to relevant examples          |
|              |             | - Renders well after build            |
|              |             | - Doesn't include code                |
+--------------+-------------+---------------------------------------+

> |    Other     |    Any      | - Add entry in "doc/whats_new.py"     |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|    Other     |    Any      | - Add entry in "doc/whats_new.rst"     |
```

submodule of ``nilearn.datasets.tests``). When the tests run, the fetcher does
not have access to the network and will not actually download files. This is to
avoid spurious failures due to unavailable network or servers, and to avoid
slowing down the tests with long downloads.
The functions from the standard library and the ``requests`` library that
nilearn uses to download files are mocked: they are replaced with dummy
functions that return fake data.

Exactly what fake data is returned can be configured through the object
returned by the ``request_mocker`` pytest fixture, defined in
``nilearn.datasets._testing``. The docstrings of this module and the ``Sender``
class it contains provide information on how to write a test using this fixture.
Existing tests can also serve as examples.

Special case: How to contribute an atlas
-----------------------------------------

We want atlases in nilearn to be internally consistent. Specifically,
your atlas object should have three attributes (as with the existing
atlases):

- ``description`` (bytes): A text description of the atlas. This should be
  brief but thorough, describing the source (paper), relevant information

>   related to its construction (modality, dataset, method), and if there are
>   more than one maps, a description of each map.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  related to its construction (modality, dataset, method), and, if there is
  more than one map, a description of each map.
```
